System requirements: our artifact was only tested on Ubuntu 18.04 64-bit; we recommand executing our artifact inside a VM sandbox, as it involves installing customized Linux kernel.

Dependencies: all necessary dependencies can be installed using the command: `sudo pip3 -r requirements.txt`, and this has been included in our script `replicate_results.sh`, so no action needs to be taken other than following the steps listed below.

Result validation: the steps below will eventually paint figures that are similar to Figure 7-12 in the paper. Note the ones generated by this artifact will only include results of CLAP, not the other two baselines. Thus, one can simply verify whether the results generated by this artifact match the results of CLAP shwon in Figure 7-12 in the paper for validation (or figures in `data/visualization` dir).

## Detailed steps to reproduce the main results (detection/localization accuracy metrics for CLAP)
Note that [PATH_TO_PCAP] refers to the path that you would like to specify to contain the downloaded PCAP files,
which needs to be an absolute path without the trailing "/". Also, you need to first enter the `script` folder in Shell/Bash in the artifact repository before executing the following commands.

If you want to load the full-scale MAWI dataset to replicate the main results in the paper:
1. Run `sudo sh setup_kernel_env.sh [PATH_TO_PCAP] full_test` -- this command will restart your OS, and activate the newly installed kernel;
2. Run `sudo sh replicate_results.sh [PATH_TO_PCAP] large_ds` -- this command will train/test the model and paint the figures that exhibit the results shwon in the paper.

If you only want to load the tiny demp PCAP dataset to validate that the artifact works as it claims:
1. Run `sudo sh setup_kernel_env.sh [PATH_TO_PCAP]` -- this command will restart your OS, and activate the newly installed kernel;
2. Run `sudo sh replicate_results.sh [PATH_TO_PCAP]` -- this command will train/test the model and paint the figures that exhibit the results shwon in the paper.
